Movie	Description
Charlie's Angels	"Director Elizabeth Banks takes the helm as the next generation of fearless CHARLIE'S ANGELS take flight. In Banks' bold vision, Kristen Stewart, Naomi Scott, and Ella Balinska are working for the mysterious Charles Townsend, whose security and investigative agency has expanded internationally. With the world's smartest, bravest, and most highly trained women all over the globe, there are now teams of Angels guided by multiple Bosleys taking on the toughest jobs everywhere. The screenplay is by Elizabeth Banks from a story by Evan Spiliotopoulos and David Auburn."
Doctor Sleep	"“Stephen King’s Doctor Sleep” continues the story of Danny Torrance, 40 years after his terrifying stay at the Overlook Hotel in The Shining. Ewan McGregor, Rebecca Ferguson and newcomer Kyliegh Curran star in the supernatural thriller, directed by Mike Flanagan, from his own screenplay based upon the novel by Stephen King. Still irrevocably scarred by the trauma he endured as a child at the Overlook, Dan Torrance has fought to find some semblance of peace. But that peace is shattered when he encounters Abra, a courageous teenager with her own powerful extrasensory gift, known as the “shine.” Instinctively recognizing that Dan shares her power, Abra has sought him out, desperate for his help against the merciless Rose the Hat and her followers, The True Knot, who feed off the shine of innocents in their quest for immortality. Forming an unlikely alliance, Dan and Abra engage in a brutal life-or-death battle with Rose. Abra’s innocence and fearless embrace of her shine compel Dan to call upon his own powers as never before—at once facing his fears and reawakening the ghosts of the past."
Ford v. Ferrari	"Academy Award-winners Matt Damon and Christian Bale star in FORD v FERRARI, based on the remarkable true story of the visionary American car designer Carroll Shelby (Damon) and the fearless British-born driver Ken Miles (Bale), who together battled corporate interference, the laws of physics, and their own personal demons to build a revolutionary race car for Ford Motor Company and take on the dominating race cars of Enzo Ferrari at the 24 Hours of Le Mans in France in 1966."
Joker	"Warner Bros. Pictures’ “Joker” stars Oscar nominee Joaquin Phoenix in the title role, alongside Oscar winner Robert De Niro, and is directed, produced and co-written by Oscar nominee Todd Phillips. “Joker” centers around the iconic arch nemesis and is an original, standalone story not seen before on the big screen. Phillips’ exploration of Arthur Fleck (Phoenix), a man disregarded by society, is not only a gritty character study, but also a broader cautionary tale."
Last Christmas	"Kate (Clarke) harumphs around London, a bundle of bad decisions accompanied by the jangle of bells on her shoes, another irritating consequence from her job as an elf in a year-round Christmas shop. Tom (Golding) seems too good to be true when he walks into her life and starts to see through so many of Kate's barriers. As London transforms into the most wonderful time of the year, nothing should work for these two. But sometimes, you gotta let the snow fall where it may, you gotta listen to your heart... and you gotta have faith."
Maleficent: Mistress of Evil	"MALEFICENT: MISTRESS OF EVIL is a fantasy adventure that picks up several years after 'Maleficent,' in which audiences learned of the events that hardened the heart of Disney's most notorious villain and drove her to curse a baby Princess Aurora. The film continues to explore the complex relationship between the horned fairy and the soon to be Queen as they form new alliances and face new adversaries in their struggle to protect the moors and the magical creatures that reside within. The film is directed by Joachim Ranning from a story by Linda Woolverton and a screenplay by Linda Woolverton and Micah Fitzerman-Blue & Noah Harpster, the film is produced by Joe Roth, Angelina Jolie and Duncan Henderson with Matt Smith, Jeff Kirschenbaum and Michael Vieira serving as executive producers."
Bala (Hindi w/e.s.t)	"Bala (English : Without Hairs) is an upcoming Indian 2019 Hindi-language satirical comedy film directed by Amar Kaushik and produced by Dinesh Vijan. Ayushmann Khurrana stars as Bala, a man living in Kanpur who is suffering from alopecia, and the story is about his lack of confidence and societal pressure that comes with balding. Bhumi Pednekar, Yami Gautam, Javed Jaffrey and Saurabh Shukla feature in supporting Roles."
Better Days (Mandarin w/ Chinese & English s.t.)	"Nian finds her life at a standstill when faced by relentless bullying from her peers as she prepares for her college entrance exam. Fate brings her together with small-time criminal Bei, but before they can retreat into a world of their own, both are dragged into the middle of a murder investigation that will change their lives forever. In this dramatic thriller, Derek Kwok-Cheung Tsang paints a bleak picture of an oppressive society, in the guise of a gripping fairy-tale love story, exposing the dark world of bullying and societal pressures of achievement facing today’s youth."
Black And Blue	"BLACK AND BLUE is a fast-paced action thriller about a rookie cop (Academy Award nominee Naomie Harris) who inadvertently captures the murder of a young drug dealer on her body cam. After realizing that the murder was committed by corrupt cops, she teams up with the one person from her community who is willing to help her (Tyrese Gibson) as she tries to escape both the criminals out for revenge and the police who are desperate to destroy the incriminating footage."
Harriet	"Based on the thrilling and inspirational life of an iconic American freedom fighter, HARRIET tells the extraordinary tale of Harriet Tubman's escape from slavery and transformation into one of America's greatest heroes. Her courage, ingenuity, and tenacity freed hundreds of slaves and changed the course of history."
Hustlers	HUSTLERS follows a crew of savvy former strip club employees who band together to turn the tables on their Wall Street clients. The film was inspired by the article published by New York Magazine entitled “The Hustlers at Scores” written by Jessica Pressler.
IT Chapter Two	"Because every 27 years evil revisits the town of Derry, Maine, IT CHAPTER TWO brings the characters - who've long since gone their separate ways - back together as adults, nearly three decades after the events of the first film."
KONOSUBA - God's blessing on this wonderful! - Legend of Crimson (Japanese w/e.s.t)	"Japanese with English subtitles. A video game-loving shut-in, Satou Kazuma’s life should’ve ended when he was hit by a truck, but through a twist of fate, he ends up reincarnating in another world--and dragging the troublemaking goddess, Aqua, the wildly dorky mage, Megumin, and the unrelentingly delusional lady knight, Darkness, with him. Now, the Crimson Demon village that Megumin and Yunyun are from is facing a threat that could mean its ending. Kazuma and his gang follow Yunyun, who returns to the Crimson Demon village intent on saving it... when they are faced with their greatest threat yet! What will become of the unremarkable adventurer Kazuma’s life in another world?!"
Motherless Brooklyn	"Lionel Essrog (Edward Norton), a lonely private detective living with Tourette Syndrome, ventures to solve the murder of his mentor and only friend, Frank Minna (Bruce Willis). Armed only with a few clues and the engine of his obsessive mind, Lionel unravels closely guarded secrets that hold the fate of New York in the balance. In a mystery that carries him from gin-soaked jazz clubs in Harlem to the hard-edged slums of Brooklyn and, finally, into the gilded halls of New York's power brokers, Lionel contends with thugs, corruption and the most dangerous man in the city to honor his friend and save the woman who might be his own salvation."
Playing With Fire	"Nothing can prepare these elite firefighters for their most challenging job yet: babysitting. When straight-laced fire superintendent Jake Carson (John Cena) and his elite team of expert firefighters (Keegan-Michael Key, John Leguizamo and Tyler Mane) come to the rescue of three siblings (Brianna Hildebrand, Christian Convery and Finley Rose Slater) in the path of an encroaching wildfire, they quickly realize that no amount of training could prepare them for their most challenging job yet -- babysitters. Unable to locate the children's parents, the firefighters have their lives, jobs and even their fire depot turned upside down and quickly learn that kids -- much like fires --are wild and unpredictable."
Somewhere Winter (Mandarin w/ Chinese & English s.t.)	"When a woman chances upon a ticket to an exclusive concert, she realizes the man who gave it to her may be the key to her life’s happiness. But when life itself throws barriers in her way, it’s up to her daughter to try and reunite the star crossed lovers."
Terminator: Dark Fate	"Linda Hamilton ('Sarah Connor') and Arnold Schwarzenegger ('T-800') return in their iconic roles in Terminator: Dark Fate, directed by Tim Miller (Deadpool) and produced by visionary filmmaker James Cameron and David Ellison. Following the events of Terminator 2: Judgment Day, Terminator: Dark Fate also stars Mackenzie Davis, Natalia Reyes, Gabriel Luna, and Diego Boneta."
The Addams Family	"Get ready to snap your fingers! The Addams Family is back on the big screen in the first animated comedy about the kookiest family on the block. Funny, outlandish, and completely iconic, the Addams Family redefines what it means to be a good neighbor."
The Warrior Queen of Jhansi	"1850s India. Ruled by the British and the pernicious East India Company, discontent and rebellion stirs amongst the Indian people. In Jhansi, the province’s inspirational leader the RANI seeks peaceful solutions, but to no avail. As the British grow more aggressive, she has no choice but to fight for her kingdom and lead her troops to preserve their freedom. Thousands of miles away, QUEEN VICTORIA, ruler of the British Empire, seeks resolution to the escalating situation with minimal force. But after a bloody siege at Jhansi fort, during which many lives are lost, the Rani becomes a growing symbol of Indian resistance. Gathering alliances, she must lead her people into a battle that will ultimately change the shape of history."
Alien	"Celebrate the 40th Anniversary with this remastered version. After a space merchant vessel perceives an unknown transmission as a distress call, its landing on the source moon finds one of the crew attacked by a mysterious lifeform, and they soon realize that its life cycle has merely begun."
Jojo Rabbit	"In JOJO RABBIT, writer director Taika Waititi (THOR: RAGNAROK, HUNT FOR THE WILDERPEOPLE), brings his signature style of humor and pathos to a World War II satire. The story follows an awkward young German boy (Roman Griffin Davis) raised by a single mother (Scarlett Johansson), and whose only ally is his imaginary friend Hitler (Waititi). His naAve patriotism is tested when he meets a young girl (Thomasin McKenzie) who upends his world views, forcing him to face his biggest fears."
Midway	"The story of the battle of Midway, told by the leaders and the soldiers who fought it."
Parasite (Korean w/e.s.t)	"Meet the Park Family: the picture of aspirational wealth. And the Kim Family, rich in street smarts but not much else. Be it chance or fate, these two houses are brought together and the Kims sense a golden opportunity. Masterminded by college-aged Ki-woo, the Kim children expediently install themselves as tutor and art therapist to the Parks. Soon, a symbiotic relationship forms between the two families. The Kims provide 'indispensable' luxury services while the Parks give the Kims a way out of their shabby circumstances. But this new ecosystem is fragile, and soon enough greed and class prejudice threaten to upend the Kims' newfound comfort."
The Good Liar	"Career con artist Roy Courtnay can hardly believe his luck when he meets well-to-do widow Betty McLeish online. As Betty opens her home and life to him, Roy is surprised to find himself caring about her, turning what should be a cut-and-dry swindle into the most treacherous tightrope walk of his life. Based on the novel by Nicholas Searle."
The Lighthouse	"From Robert Eggers, the visionary filmmaker behind modern horror masterpiece The Witch, comes this hypnotic and hallucinatory tale of two lighthouse keepers on a remote and mysterious New England island in the 1890s"
Zombieland 2: Double Tap	"A decade after ZOMBIELAND became a hit film and a cult classic, the lead cast (Woody Harrelson, Jesse Eisenberg, Abigail Breslin, and Emma Stone) have reunited with director Ruben Fleischer (Venom) and the original writers Rhett Reese & Paul Wernick (Deadpool) for ZOMBIELAND: DOUBLE TAP. In the sequel, written by Rhett Reese & Paul Wernick and Dave Callaham, through comic mayhem that stretches from the White House and through the heartland, these four slayers must face off against the many new kinds of zombies that have evolved since the first movie, as well as some new human survivors. But most of all, they have to face the growing pains of their own snarky, makeshift family."
Judy	"Winter 1968: Showbiz legend Judy Garland (Renée Zellweger) arrives in Swinging London to perform in a sell-out run at The Talk of the Town. It is 30 years since she shot to global stardom in THE WIZARD OF OZ, but if her voice has weakened, its dramatic intensity has only grown. As she prepares for the show, battles with management, charms musicians, and reminisces with friends and adoring fans, her wit and warmth shine through. Even her dreams of romance seem undimmed as she embarks on a courtship with Mickey Deans (Finn Wittrock), her soon-to-be fifth husban. And yet Judy is fragile. After working for 45 of her 47 years, she is exhausted; haunted by memories of a childhood lost to Hollywood; gripped by a desire to be back home with her kids. Will she have the strength to go on? Featuring some of her best-known songs, including the timeless classic ‘Over the Rainbow’, JUDY celebrates the voice, the capacity for love and the sheer pizzazz of “the world’s greatest entertainer”."
The Incredible 25th Year of Mitzi Bearclaw	Mitzi Bearclaw is an indigenous woman who reluctantly returns to her isolated reserve to help her father care for her bitter mother.
Die Hard 2 - Flashback Film Series	"John McClane attempts to avert disaster as rogue military operatives seize control of Dulles International Airport in Washington, D.C."
The Godfather: Part II - Classic Films	"The early life and career of Vito Corleone in 1920s New York City is portrayed, while his son, Michael, expands and tightens his grip on the family crime syndicate."
Billy Connolly - The Sex Life of Bandages	"Hailed as the UK’s most influential comedian of all time, legendary Scot Billy Connolly is coming to cinemas with this brilliant show from his final stand-up tour. Recorded in 2015, during the Australian leg, this whip smart routine is a riotous journey filled with outrageous tales and blistering observations of everyday absurdities. Prior to retiring in 2016 following his diagnosis with Parkinson's Disease, Connolly toured worldwide continuously for 50 years, performing to an audience of over 10 million. The Sex Life of Bandages is a big screen tribute to an iconic funny-man whose sharp wit and anarchic storytelling is still as hilarious as ever. Warning: Coarse Language."
Princess Mononoke (Japanese w/e.s.t) - Studio Ghibli Fest	"On a journey to find the cure for a Tatarigami's curse, Ashitaka finds himself in the middle of a war between the forest gods and Tatara, a mining colony. In this quest he also meets San, the Mononoke Hime. English dubbed."
Frozen II	"Why was Elsa born with magical powers? The answer is calling her and threatening her kingdom. Together with Anna, Kristoff, Olaf and Sven, she'll set out on a dangerous but remarkable journey. In FROZEN, Elsa feared her powers were too much for the world. In FROZEN 2, she must hope they are enough."
Depeche Mode: SPIRITS in the Forest	"Across 2017/2018 Depeche Mode embarked on their Global Spirit Tour, in which they performed to more than 3 million fans at 115 shows across the globe. This new visually-striking film, directed by award-winning filmmaker and longtime artistic collaborator Anton Corbijn, captures the energy and spectacle of the band’s performance from the tour along with a deeper look into how their music and shows have been woven into the fabric of their fans’ lives.Through the deeply emotional stories of six special Depeche Mode fans, the film shows not only how and why the band’s popularity and relevance has continued to grow over the course of their career, but provides a unique look into music’s incredible power to build communities, enable people to overcome adversity, and create connections across the boundaries of language, location, gender, age, and circumstance. Artfully shot and expertly edited, Depeche Mode: SPIRITS in the Forest goes beyond the typical concert film, weaving together exhilarating musical performances, filmed at the final shows of the Global Spirit Tourin Berlin’s famed Waldbühne (“Forest Stage”), with intimate documentary footage filmed in fans’ hometowns across the globe. Features some English subtitles."
21 Bridges	"Chadwick Boseman (Black Panther) stars in STXfilms' 21 BRIDGES, an action thriller produced by Anthony Russo and Joe Russo (Avengers: Infinity War) and directed by Brian Kirk (Game of Thrones). Thrust into a citywide manhunt for a pair of cop killers, a disgraced NYPD detective (Boseman) uncovers a massive and unexpected conspiracy. As the night unfolds, lines become blurred on who he is pursuing, and who is in pursuit of him. When the search intensifies, extreme measures are taken to prevent the killers from escaping Manhattan as the authorities close all 21 bridges to prevent any entry or exit from the iconic island. Boseman and Logan Coles will also produce the film, with Mike Larocca serving as executive producer. The screenplay for 21 BRIDGES is written by Adam Mervis with revisions by Matt Carnahan."
A Beautiful Day In The Neighborhood	"Tom Hanks portrays Mister Rogers in A Beautiful Day in the Neighborhood, a timely story of kindness triumphing over cynicism, based on the true story of a real-life friendship between Fred Rogers and journalist Tom Junod. After a jaded magazine writer (Emmy winner Matthew Rhys) is assigned a profile of Fred Rogers, he overcomes his skepticism, learning about kindness, love and forgiveness from America's most beloved neighbor."
24 Hour Party People	"In 1976, Tony Wilson sets up Factory Records and brings Manchester's music to the world."
Akhnaten (Philip Glass) Mixed w/e.s.t - Metropolitan Opera	"Subtitles will be provided only for scene headings and selected text. Phelim McDermott, whose productions include the hugely successful Satyagraha by Philip Glass, returns to the Met with a new staging of Glass’s Akhnaten, conducted by Karen Kamensek in her Met debut. Anthony Roth Costanzo sings the title role of the Egyptian pharaoh who attempted to inspire his people to adopt a new religion, abandoning the worship of the old gods for that of a single deity. In her Met debut, J’Nai Bridges sings the role of Nefertiti, Akhnaten’s bride, and Dísella Lárusdóttir is Queen Tye, the pharaoh’s mother. One of the staging’s distinctive visual features is provided by the Gandini Juggling Company, whose movements are perfectly choreographed with the orchestral score. This production of Akhnaten was originally created by LA Opera, Improbable, and English National Opera, where it premiered, winning the 2017 Olivier Award for Best New Opera Production."
DAZN x Cineplex Premier League Experience	DAZN will partner with Cineplex to live stream select Saturday Premier League matches on the big screens at select locations across Canada. FREE TICKETS ARE AVAILABLE FOR PICK UP AT PARTICIPATING BOX OFFICES.
Fleabag - National Theatre Live	"See the hilarious, award-winning, one-woman show that inspired the BBC’s hit TV series Fleabag, captured live to cinemas from London’s West End. Written and performed by Phoebe Waller-Bridge (Fleabag, Killing Eve) and directed by Vicky Jones, Fleabag is a rip-roaring look at some sort of woman living her sort of life. Fleabag may seem oversexed, emotionally unfiltered and self-obsessed, but that's just the tip of the iceberg. With family and friendships under strain and a guinea pig café struggling to keep afloat, Fleabag suddenly finds herself with nothing to lose. Playing to sold-out audiences in New York and London, don’t miss your chance to see this ‘legitimately hilarious show’ (New Yorker), captured live to a cinema near you. Presented by DryWrite, Soho Theatre and Annapurna Theatre."
Hermitage. The Power of Art	"The film treats The Hermitage as a living being. It tells the story of the daily life of the museum today continuously leaving the ‘here and now’ to retrace two and a half centuries. A wonderful complex of buildings with the largest collection of paintings in the world. St. Petersburg and the Hermitage were a meeting point for foreign artists, architects and intellectuals creating connections through art and culture. The history of the museum is marked by the acquisitions of the enlightened Empress Catherine II, whose personality has continued to fascinate art historians and critics over the centuries. Toni Servillo leads us on this journey through cultural bridges between places and distant civilizations. Bridges form a symbolic visual element, that will be repeated in the narrative."